docs(core): update docs for new tasks runner opts (#19647)
nrwl/nx: docs/shared/reference/nx-json.md

Note that the inputs and outputs are respecified on the @nx/js:tsc default configuration. This is **required**, as when reading target defaults Nx will only ever look at one key. If there is a default configuration based on the executor used, it will be read first. If not, Nx will fall back to looking at the configuration based on target name. For instance, running `nx build project` will read the options from `targetDefaults[@nx/js:tsc]` if the target configuration for build uses the @nx/js:tsc executor. It **would not** read any of the configuration from the `build` target default configuration unless the executor does not match.
{% /callout %}

#### Cache

In Nx 17 and higher, caching is configured by specifying `"cache": true` in a target's configuration. This will tell Nx that it's ok to cache the results of a given target. For instance, if you have a target that runs tests, you can specify `"cache": true` in the target default configuration for `test` and Nx will cache the results of running tests.

```json {% fileName="nx.json" %}
{
  "targetDefaults": {
    "test": {
      "cache": true
    }
  }
}
```

{% callout type="warning" title="Per Project Caching + DTE" %}

> If you are using distributed task execution and disable caching for a given target, you will not be able to use distributed task execution for that target. This is because distributed task execution requires caching to be enabled. This means that the target you have disabled caching for, and any targets which depend on that target will not be distributable currently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using distributed task execution and disable caching for a given target, you will not be able to use distributed task execution for that target. This is because distributed task execution requires caching to be enabled. This means that the target you have disabled caching for, and any targets which depend on that target will fail the pipeline if you try to run them with DTE enabled.
```

{% /callout %}

#### Cache

In Nx 17 and higher, caching is configured by specifying `"cache": true` in the target default configuration. This will tell Nx that it's ok to cache the results of a given target. For instance, if you have a target that runs tests, you can specify `"cache": true` in the target default configuration for `test` and Nx will cache the results of running tests.

```json {% fileName="nx.json" %}
{
  "targetDefaults": {
    "test": {
      "cache": true
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- TODO (@AgentEnder) remove this once we confirm cloud is working with task-level cache property, and update packages/nx/src/tasks-runner/task-orchestrator.ts#isCacheableTask to allow project level cache. -->

{% callout type="warning" title="Caching must be on `targetDefaults`" %}

> Nx currently only supports caching on target defaults. If you specify `"cache": true` on a target configuration (e.g. in `project.json`), it will be ignored. This also means that if you specify `"cache": false` in project configuration, it will still be cached if the target default configuration has `"cache": true`.

Reviewer: ❗

> Additionally, caching must be configured **based on the target name**. While other properties can be read based on the executor for a given task, caching is always read based on the target name. For instance, if you have a target that uses the `@nx/js:tsc` executor, and you have a target default configuration for `build` that specifies `"cache": true`, Nx will cache the results of running that target. However, if you have a target that uses the `@nx/js:tsc` executor, and you have a target default configuration for `@nx/js:tsc` that specifies `"cache": true`, Nx will **not** cache the results of running that target.

Reviewer: I don't understand this paragraph.

Author: Let's chat some tomorrow evening (maybe around 4?) and we can work on rewording it together

Reviewer: I understand it now.  I didn't realise that you could create a target default for an executor.  That docs change was added in December of last year, but it only got approval from Victor, not anyone on the docs team.

Author: Ah, yeah thats possible. This entire paragraph can go away now though, since we will be able to support cacheability on a per target basis 🎉
